DAN: A long time has passed since we took down Mag Mel,
and things have never been better.
DAN: Now that peace exists throughout the universe,
Shun, Marucho and I have been able to focus on training,
and battling just for the love of the game.
It's brought the Brawlers way closer to our partner Bakugan.
DAN: But it's not just us. Things have been so great...
that all of the Bakugan have immigrated from...
New Vestroia and now live here on Earth amongst us humans.
It's like we're one giant happy family.
DAN: I guess you could say things are perfect!
\u266a What are ya gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DRAGO: Hmmph!
DAN: [grunt]
SHUN: Dan!
MARUCHO: Drago!
SHUN: Are you all right?
DAN: Yeah, but where did Gunz go?
MARUCHO: We're not sure.
DAN: Huh?
MARUCHO: He just disappeared!
DAN: Guuuuuuuuunz!
Where are you?
MARUCHO: Are you hurt?
SHUN: Guuuuuuuuunz!
DAN: Shout out!
SHUN: We're here!
MARUCHO: Where are you?
DAN: Come on, dude!
Quit fooling around!
DRAGO: Hmmm? Dan!
DAN: Hmmm?
DAN: What is it?
DRAGO: Do you hear that?
DAN: Huh?
REPTAK: Gunz? Talk to me!
Gunz!
DAN: Whooooa!
DRAGO: Reptak!
REPTAK: Oh, it's you two. Have you seen Gunz?
DAN: We thought he was with you Reptak.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Wiseman Cometh
REPTAK: It all happened so fast.
Those Mechtogan just showed up and kaboom.
[explosion]
REPTAK: I was knocked out, but when I came to...
I couldn't find Gunz anywhere. It was like he vanished.
REPTAK: Gunz!
Guuuuuunz!
JAAKOR: Are you sure?
REPTAK: Huh? What're you talking about?
RADIZEN: How do we know this isn't a trick?
REPTAK: A trick?
RADIZEN: Yeah, what if he's trying to punk us?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu!
RADIZEN: Um hum, exactly. It could be an elaborate strategy
to psych us out for the next battle.
ROXTOR: Kyu!
MIRA: I'd say that's a bit far fetched.
DAN: Something weird's going on. That's for sure.
DAN: But at some point, he's bound to turn up.
REPTAK: [sigh] I sure hope so.
FOREMAN: We really appreciate your help guys.
We couldn't have made this kind of progress without you.
FANGOID: It's only fair we pitch in!
FOREMAN: That's the spirit!
MODELISTA: Yeah, this is our home now too!
FOREMAN: Yup! And we're sure glad to have you!
[computer beeps and trills]
[mighty roar]
[mighty roars]
ALL: [grunt, exertion reax]
FOREMAN: That's it, pal! Take it over there!
MIRA: Here's all of the DNA data from those strange Mechtogan...
I was able to retrieve from your Bakumeter, Dan.
MIRA: Coredegon, Slycerak, Exostriker and Mandibor.
REPTAK: Those are the guys who took down Gunz?
MIRA: That's right. And once they combined the four became...
...Mechtavius Destroyer.
MIRA: When you take a close look at the configuration...
we see that they all fuse onto Coredegon.
That would suggest that he is their leader.
DAN: What's it matter if we sent them packing?
MARUCHO: We have to be concerned in case they,
or other Mechtogan like them find their way back to Earth.
SHUN: Especially since they don't need Bakugan...
to summon them.
MIRA: I have a theory on that.
DAN and SHUN: Huh?
MIRA: There were anomalies in each of their DNA strands,
which could be the reason why they don't require the Bakugan.
JAAKOR: Are you trying to say they were some kind of mutants?
RADIZEN: Sure, that would make perfect sense after all.
RADIZEN: Mechtogan by their very definition need to come...
from Bakugan. They're born of their excess energy,
so the fact that these ones don't means they've become...
something else.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu?
RADIZEN: No, I don't know how to explain where...
Dragonoid Destroyer came from.
Maybe he's a different kind of mutation.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu?
MIRA: Well it's hard to say for sure but I did notice...
an interesting pattern after analyzing the battle data.
MIRA: It seems that Dragonoid Destroyer's...
power level increases whenever Drago is on board.
DRAGO: Hmmm, interesting.
DRAGO: I knew I felt a surge of energy hit me...
during that fight.
MIRA: There's something else, it appears as though...
Dragonoid Destroyer has the ability to launch Bakugan...
from both shoulders.
MARUCHO: So maybe Dragonoid Destroyer's powers...
can be used when launching Bakugan into battle.
MIRA: There's still too much we don't know about...
Dragonoid Destroyer, I'll keep analyzing the data.
DAN: Thanks, Mira. You're the best.
MUTABRID: Now that they've escaped and left us behind...
here in the Doom Dimension, do you think Coredegon...
and the others were successful in their mission...
to exterminate the Bakugan on Earth?
KODOKOR: Perhaps that's a question better suited...
for Professor Worton.
BETADRON: Well Worton, speak up!
WORTON: The answer to your question and many others...
will come in due time.
SPATTERIX: Enough with the wishy washy answers Professor.
STRONK: Yeah, start talkin'!
BALISTA: Hmmm? Who goes there?
WISEMAN: You can call me Wiseman.
KODOKOR: Huh?
TREMBLAR: What is a human doing here?
WISEMAN: I've come to free you all from the shackles...
of the Doom Dimension.
BALISTA: What did you say?
WISEMAN: The four Mechtogan that left you behind for dead...
were defeated by the Bakugan Battle Brawlers on Earth.
MUTABRID: Battle Brawlers?
TREMBLAR: Who are they?
WISEMAN: They are a mighty band of battlers who some say
are the best in the universe. They are led by a human...
named Dan Kuso and his partner Bakugan Drago.
WISEMAN: He is the descendent of the original...
Dragonoid Bakugan who was responsible...
for locking you up in the first place.
BETADRON: Is that true?
BETADRON: Worton! Why didn't you tell us this?
WORTON: What good would it have done?
We still would have been trapped here,
unable to do anything about it.
SPATTERIX: You still shouldn't have kept it from us.
BETADRON: Tell us what you want, human!
WISEMAN: I have the ability to free you from this prison,
but first I need your help with something.
WISEMAN: I want to resurrect the four Mechtogan that...
the Brawlers banished: Coredegon, Slycerak,
Exostriker and Mandibor.
The enormous power they possess will be of great use to me.
STRONK: Why would we help the ones who left us here to rot?
BETADRON: Yes, what's in it for us?
WISEMAN: Well, your freedom to start with,
and then of course there's the matter of the vengeance...
you can enact for being trapped here for so long.
WISEMAN: Our motivations may be different but we have...
a common enemy, the Battle Brawlers.
WISEMAN: I'm only making this offer once.
STRONK: I dunno. What do you think, Kodokor?
KODOKOR: Are you serious, Stronk? Terrible idea.
Mechtogan can't be trusted.
MUTABRID: But isn't it worth the risk if it means...
a chance to escape?
BETADRON: Yes. Freedom and the chance to avenge ourselves
are more than enough reason. Wouldn't you agree Spatterix?
SPATTERIX: It's the right decision.
KODOKOR: Very well then.
BALISTA: Count us in.
WORTON: And I, as well.
WISEMAN: Excellent. We have a deal then.
BETADRON: And soon we will have our revenge, brothers!
ALL: Yeeeeeeeees!
WISEMAN: [evil chuckle] It was even easier...
to fool them than I thought.
WISEMAN: Your days are numbered, Dan Kuso!
DRAGO: Get ready, Dragonoid Destroyer!
FANGOID: [grunt, exertion reax]
FOREMAN: Okay, boys you can take five.
FOREMAN: Hey you up there! That's a restricted area.
FOREMAN: Get down from there before you get hurt!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
WISEMAN: Go Darkus Kodokor!
KODOKOR: Haaaaaaaaaah!
FOREMAN: Oooomph!
Hey! What the heck are you doing?
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
Combat Smasher!
KODOKOR: Huuuuuuuuuah!
FOREMAN: He's crazy! Ruuuuuuun!
KODOKOR: Where is Drago?
TV ANNOUNCER: We interrupt today's game to bring you...
breaking news from the edge of town!
TV ANNOUNCER: Just moments ago, a mysterious Bakugan appeared
and started wreaking havoc on Bakugan City's...
latest construction project.
DAN: Say what?
TV ANNOUNCER: We go now live...
JULIE: Julie here on the scene, everyone!
As you can see behind me right here...
JULIE: ...it's chaos in the construction zone!
JULIE: I'm gonna try and get a closer look!
[panting, running reax]
JULIE: Hey buddy! What's your deal, huh?
Tell the viewers!
WISEMAN: My name is Wiseman.
DAN: For real?
WISEMAN: I'm extending a challenge to the Battle Brawlers
to come and fight me!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
REPTAK: [gasp]
WISEMAN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
WISEMAN: Go Darkus Mutabrid!
MUTABRID: Haaaaaaaaaah!
FANGOID: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Oh man!
KODOKOR: Come and face us, Drago!
MUTABRID: Unless you're too scared to!
Haaaaaaah!
CROWD OF WORKERS: [terrified screams]
JULIE: Dan! Come on!
You heard him, get down here and fight!
DAN: Let's go!
DAN: Time for a smack-down!
SHUN: Right!
MARUCHO: Ya!
WISEMAN: You'd better hurry, Brawlers.
The longer you take, the more time I'll have...
to rain destruction down on your precious city!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
WISEMAN: Go Darkus Betadron!
BETADRON: Haaaaaaaah!
BETADRON: Why would Bakugan choose to live here?
It's nothing special.
DAN: Hey! Over here, pal!
WISEMAN: Hmmmmph.
DAN: Let's go, Drago!
DRAGO: Right!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
DAN: Let's go, Pyrus Fusion Dragonoid!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand!
MARUCHO: Rise Aquos Radizen!
RADIZEN: Yeeeeah! I'm ready to rock!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
SHUN: Go Ventus Jaakor!
Haaaaaaaaah!
JAAKOR: So who was it that wanted to fight?
BETADRON: Drago is the only one I'm interested in!
BETADRON: You could say we have an ancient score to settle.
DRAGO: What?
DAN: Who are you Wiseman?
WISEMAN: Let's just say I'm someone who is vehemently...
against the idea of humans and Bakugan living together.
WISEMAN: I have a vision for an ideal world Kuso,
and you and your friends have absolutely no part in it.
Ability activate!
BETADRON: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Night Fieseler!
DRAGO: Whooooa!
BETADRON: Get back here!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Battle Smasher!
KODOKOR: Huuuuuuuuuaaaah!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Sonic Reflector!
KODOKOR: Hah! You think that will stop me?
Haaaaaaaaah!
SHUN: No way!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Abyss Blade!
RADIZEN: [rising mighty roar]
MUTABRID: [grunt, exertion reax]
WISEMAN: Mutabrid!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Imprison!
MUTABRID: [evil chuckle]
RADIZEN: [gasp] Whooooa!
RADIZEN: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Trasher!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Black Burn!
BETADRON: Haaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax] Can't move...
Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: Oooomph!
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax]
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Slam Leaf!
RADIZEN: Haaaaah!
RADIZEN: Oooomph! [groan]
RADIZEN: Not the most graceful escape, but oh well.
MARUCHO: Radizen!
RADIZEN: I'm okay.
WISEMAN: Hah. We're just getting warmed up here.
Now for the fun stuff.
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Stand!
WISEMAN: Rise Pyrus Spatterix!
SPATTERIX: Hmmmph!
WISEMAN: Rise Subterra Stronk!
STRONK: Haaaaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Stand!
WISEMAN: Rise Ventus Worton!
WORTON: [evil chuckle]
WISEMAN: Rise Haos Tremblar!
TREMBLAR: [mighty roar]
WISEMAN: Rise Aquos Balista!
DAN: Whoa! Who are these clowns?
BETADRON: [grunt, exertion reax] We're the Nonets,
the most evil Bakugan in the history of our species!
Now surrender!
RADIZEN: Did he just say surrender? Ha, ha, ha!
BETADRON: For countless millennia we've been...
locked away in the far depths of the Doom Dimension,
after having been banished there by...
your ancestor the Original Dragonoid!
BETADRON: Time for retribution!
DRAGO: Huh! Well if my ancestor saw fit to lock you up...
and throw away the key, then I do too!
DAN: You said it, pal!
WISEMAN: Let's see how far that cocky attitude...
of yours will get you.
WISEMAN: Come Nonets! The time for vengeance is upon us!
[thunder and lightning crash]
DAN: What's happening?
DRAGO: I don't know but I've got a bad feeling.
RADIZEN: Ya, I've got the heebie-jeebies.
DRAGO: No, it's more serious. I can feel something ominous.
[thunder and lightning crash]
[heavy ground impacts]
JULIE: Whoa! Check it out.
Those are the scary Mechtogan who appeared yesterday!
DAN: I don't believe it!
DAN: Those creeps are all on the same side!
COREDEGON: I told you we'd be back!
MANDIBOR: It seems our last defeat at your hands...
robbed us of our ability to operate independent of Bakugan!
EXOSTRIKER: But we were trapped between dimensions...
so as much as we despised it, the best solution was...
to come when we were summoned.
SLYCERAK: But soon enough, we'll have...
our independence once again!
[evil laughter]
COREDEGON: Yes, our partnership is temporary.
Once we help these Bakugan exact their revenge,
they will give us back our power to split.
COREDEGON: Shall we?
COREDEGON: Integrate!
Mechtavius Destroyer!
[heavy ground impact]
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: [mighty roar]
MARUCHO: Whooooa!
JAAKOR and RADIZEN: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
JULIE: Oh no! Drago's hit!
C'mon buddy, you have to get back up!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: It's no use!
He's no match for me!
RADIZEN: Oh no!
MARUCHO: Radizen!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: You're not worthy...
to stand in our presence!
JAAKOR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SHUN: Jaakor!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Drago!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: This is too easy. Why not even up...
the fight by bringing out your precious Dragonoid Destroyer?
DAN: Hah! You're a glutton for punishment!
You ready, pal?
DRAGO: You bet!
SHUN: Dan, let's try using Dragonoid Destroyer's...
extra powers.
MARUCHO: Yeah, we could unleash a jumping attack.
JAAKOR: Radizen! Let's do this!
RADIZEN: I'm with you all the way Jaakor.
MIRA: Hold on, guys!
MIRA: It looks like Dragonoid Destroyer can...
only launch specific Bakugan.
MIRA: Jaakor should be fine, but it looks like Radizen...
isn't compatible.
RADIZEN and MARUCHO: Whaaaaaat?
MIRA: Hang on... Looks like Reptak is good to go.
DAN: Reptak?
REPTAK: Dan, please! Let me fight!
REPTAK: I can be a big help!
DAN: I dunno...
MECHTAVIUS: What's the hold up? Are we fighting,
or have you lost your nerve, weaklings?
DAN: Yeah, alright c'mon Reptak!
Let's go!
DAN: Dragonoid Destroyer!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Well, well...
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Let's go, Drago!
DRAGO: Right!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DRAGO: Ride on!
DAN: Jumping attack!
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaaaah!
REPTAK: Huuuuuuuuah!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: You're going down!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Oooomph!
JULIE: Oh yeeeeeaaaah!
MARUCHO: Way to go! Great job, Jaakor and Reptak!
RADIZEN: Oh man, will I ever get a shot?
MIRA: I can create a Battle Suit for Radizen!
MIRA: Coordinate code, set. Battle suit, Blasterate...
MIRA: ...transport!
MARUCHO: Whoa!
RADIZEN: Sweeeeeet!
MARUCHO: Let's go Radizen!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
RADIZEN: Oh man! Check me out!
MARUCHO: Our turn to fight!
RADIZEN: You bet it is!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: [grunt, pain reax]
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Now you've made me really mad!
SHUN: Let's go!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Moonlight Shadow Slash!
JAAKOR: [punching, exertion reax]
JAAKOR: Say goodnight!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MARUCHO: Now Radizen!
RADIZEN: Haaaaaaaaah!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: I'm not finished yet!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
[explosion]
SLYCERAK: Something is wrong!
EXOSTRIKER: I'm burning up!
MANDIBOR: I can't move!
DRAGO: Ready, Dragonoid Destroyer?
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Leave it to me, my friend.
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Earth Revolver!
DAN: Keep it gooooooing!
DRAGO: Engaaaaaaaage!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Not again!
SLYCERAK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
EXOSTRIKER: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MANDIBOR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
COREDEGON: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
WISEMAN: So the Nonets weren't enough to effectively take...
the control of the four Mechtogan.
DAN: Hold it right there, creep!
DAN: [panting, running reax]
SHUN: Forget it. He's gone.
DAN: Oh man! Who was that dude, huh?
REPTAK: He said his name was Wiseman.
REPTAK: Funny thing is, the way he launches Bakugan...
is exactly like Gunz.
DAN: It's been several days since Gunz disappeared
during the battle with the Mechtogan from
the Doom Dimension. Reptak is totally freaked out,
and worried for his friend. We've welcomed him
into the gang and I've even partnered with him in battle.
It certainly hasn't helped that that creep Wiseman
is causing trouble with his sinister Nonet Bakugan crew.
I don't know why, but Reptak seems convinced that somehow
he's connected to Gunz, but I think he's imagining it.
Either way, he's a problem! You should tune in
to see what I'm talking about. This dude is some serious evil,
I'm telling you. But he's still no match for the me and Drago!
\u266a [MUSIC]